Structure of Uncharted:
1. Lost legend or artifact
2. First clue
3. Travel across exotic locations
4. Rivals chasing the same goal
5. Ancient traps, puzzles, and escalating danger
6. Final revelation that the treasure isn't what anyone expected

Potential Additions:
- Aliens that are a hybrid between pirate legends and southeast Asian folklore/mythology

Premise:
- We follow a ragtag crew of space pirates. They're really low on the hierarchy of pirates, but they're bound by a strong sense of loyalty. They still fight, and get at each others throats, but they're a found family. They're each flawed, and do bad things regularly, but are likeable and do it for the greater good. They're mostly in the business of salvaging and conning. Their ship is far too weak and they're far too few to risk direct conflict with the weak, and they don't go too much for killing the innocent.
- They discover information pertaining to a lost stockpile of wealth that vanished during the fall. As they follow the trail, they're chased by rivals, hunted by the imperium, tested by traps, chased by the infected, involved in tense negotiations, swordfights, shootouts, ship battles, and escapes, and they're grazed by the supernatural. It's grounded in the characters, and doesn't involve the fate of the world, but it's still bombastic.
- The world is sincere; the characters take everything seriously. The humor comes from banter and warmth, not winks at the audience. It's not afraid of emotion, but it's not dreary or overdramatic. The world is also human and inviting; even in betrayal or theft, there's honor and community. Everyone is surviving and desperate, and they will turn their backs on you, but there's warmth in the culture of piracy. Pirates follow a code; no man left behind, the right to parlay, the rules for treasure distribution, etc.. There's honor among thieves. 

Formula:
ACT 1:
- Set up / Exposition
- Inciting incident
ACT 2:
- Confrontation / Complication / Obstacles
ACT 3:
- Resolution