#### The Draconic Age
12c 0 - **The Dawn of the Cycle**
	Following the last great cataclysm, the world has reset back to a primal state. Technology is reduced, people are scattered, and resources are scarce. 
	Dominating the food chain are the dragons. The peaceful metallic dragons were driven out by the sadistic chromatic dragons.
	This year, a fiery and radical natural leader named Leander Arcson is born. 

12c 37 - **The Draconic Age Begins**
	The chromatic dragons began to lord over the primitive surviving people. Anyone who didn't fully devote themselves to the dragons were enslaved, weaponized, or eaten. The dominant draconic empire was ruled by Tiamat, in the volcanic caverns beneath northwest [[Serendipita]]. 

12c 44 - **The Contradraconic Rebellion**
	There were hundreds of dragons, majority of which were young. Killing one was a long and brutal process. To earn their freedom, a band of rebels led by Leander began to take out the dragons one by one, and destroy any young dragons to prevent the birth of any new offspring. 

12c 46 - **Theon**
	Leander Arcson and his wife Anahita had a child named Theon. Around this time, fanatical tribes began to revolt from within the rebellion. They believed in rightful draconic rule, and slowed things down dramatically. 

12c 117 - **The Draconic Age Ends**
	After 80 years of conquest, almost all of [[Serendipita]] has been freed. Moral compromises had to be made to ensure man's victory, which unfortunately led to the assassination of a now misguided and distracted Leander Arcson by his son Theon. Theon was must more cruel and calculated, and led a far more successful campaign in his father's place. By the end of 117, the only remaining empire was that of Tiamat in modern-day [[Arcohaem]]. The battle took 3 months, and spanned the entire region. Tiamat obliterated the landscape, and almost all of the natives died. On New Year's Eve, they severed the last head of Tiamat, and finally freed the land. 


#### The Tribes of [[Arcohaem]]
12c 118 - **Remnants**
	Seeing the fall of Tiamat, the remaining dragons went into hiding. Chief of which was [[Malfaust]] the Red, Tiamat's primary general. He wanted rulership, and had a cunning plan that would have to wait centuries. The heretical followers of Tiamat dispersed throughout [[Arcohaem]] in secret, and incorporated themselves silently into the growing mass of people. They constructed temples hidden deep in the mountains where they'd conduct their business, but their search for new dragons would be ultimately fruitless. 

12c 119 - **The Tribes of [[Arcohaem]]**
	After a couple years, Theon Arcson claimed the land of [[Arcohaem]] (naming it after himself). He devoted its regions to the descendants of the tribes that once lived there. Each tribe was given complete political freedom and independence, but were to remain at peace with one another to function as a larger entity. Theon founded [[Hephaestus]], and operated as a spiritual leader to his people. 

12c 122 - **Death of Theon**
	Theon Arcson passed away at the age of 76. He had had 5 wives and 12 children. Without a single leader, even if only in spirit, small skirmishes and political rivalries began to form among the tribes that would escalate over the coming centuries. 

12c 604 - **The [[Republic of Arcohaem]]**
	Theon Arcson's descendant, Cassius Arcson, began rallying for the establishment of a senate based Republic in [[Hephaestus]] to reunite the now mostly independent tribes. Over the past 3 years, more tribes had become interested, and it eventually gained enough traction to be accepted and established. Initially, it was made up of the 43 north, central, and eastern tribes. Each tribe elected 5 senators, each with their own aides, advisers, and delegates. The senate would meet and vote on matters raised by the Chancellor, who is elected by the Senate every few years. The culture of change and advancement flourished in the central tribes, which were now the capital of the Republic due to their proximity to [[Hephaestus]]. 

12c 625 - **The North**
	The northern tribes were much less interested in change and advancement than the central tribes. They valued culture, tradition, and honor. [[Frigoshia]], nestled in the mountains of Thrall, were far and away the most emblematic of these ideals. They were a warrior people that resisted change and fought to keep their lives intact. Several other northern tribes began siding with [[Frigoshia]] out of principle. 

12c 656 - **The South**
	Fearing that their lack of influence over greater [[Arcohaem]] could endanger their independence and way of life, the southern tribes decided to join the Republic. They have no interest in anything other than protecting their own interests and freedom, so they seldom participate. 

12c 708 - **The [[East Arcohaem Trade Union|EATU]]**
	Trade with greater [[Serendipita]] began to boom during this time with more accessible trade ships. Lemnaeus, an eastern tribe, controlled an incredibly profitable port, which the east didn't want to lose control over. So, they established the [[East Arcohaem Trade Union]], which was a subsect of the senate that meets privately to ensure the interests of the East are protected. The president of the [[East Arcohaem Trade Union|EATU]] has a seat in the senate and acts as a representative of the east.  
	Thus, we enter the golden age of the Republic, with all 56 tribes, and 281 Senators.


#### The Revolution
12c 1101 - **The Black Winter**
	An especially harsh winter rocked [[Arcohaem]], causing severe famines across the land. Repeatedly, the north has roadblocked the senate from investing in modern technology for [[Arcohaem]]. Because of this lack of modern technology and high population density, the central tribes were hit especially hard. This caused a growing stigma against the north and against their traditionalism. 
	[[Malfaust]] had been wandering the Volcanic caverns for centuries, plotting his escape and eventual return to power. He'd been studying the people above, studying their technology, and inventing his own weapons, like [[Hard-Light]]. Due to the winter, [[Malfaust]] began to explore several previously inaccessible locations. In a cavern, hidden deeper underground than he'd even been before, [[Malfaust]] discovered a hidden cache with 55 frozen, perfectly preserved dragon eggs. 

12c 1252 - **The Industrial Revolution**
	Electrical and [[Serendipita|E-Tech]] studies have been revolutionized over the past several years. All of [[Serendipita]] was changing. A trade deal was offered b Hades of Styxas, in which [[Arcohaem]] would use its natural geothermal energy to refine his [[Serendipita|Eathyst]] for sale and distribution. It would be incredibly profitable on both of their ends, because their volcanoes could do it for basically free. The north immediately moved to reject the deal, placing it into limbo for a couple of years.

12c 1253 - **[[Terrik|Terrik's]] Descent**
- [[Terrik|The Wraith]] Part 1
	- A boy named [[Terrik|Terrik Malvek]] was born in [[Hephaestus]] in 1226 to an abusive and poor family of bridge builders. They had absolutely nothing, and often blamed [[Terrik]] for ruining their relationship and for being too expensive to care for. [[Terrik]] would punish himself for doing anything sub-optimally, causing him severe and intense self hate. He was an aggressive and insecure kid who frequently acted out and got in trouble. His younger brother Otto got it worse than he did. Their only friend was a neighbor girl named Ingrid, whom [[Terrik]] had a crush on since he was little.
	- [[Terrik]] dedicated his life to the pursuit of military service. He always had a knack for fighting and planning, and he felt it was his one ticket out of his household. He obsessed over his training, and would train until his bones cracked. When he was finally accepted, he quickly earned a reputation for being undefeated in combat. He earned the rank of Major, and then Captain. Otto started a business selling comics, and married Ingrid. 
	- Despite getting everything he wanted, [[Terrik]] still hated himself. He went to his parent's funeral and wept. He knew they were bad parents, but he was still heartbroken he never made them proud. His father's will and testament left everything to his younger brother, because [[Terrik]] "abandoned them."
	- He used his wealth to hide his insecurity, burying himself in clothes, art, mansions, drinks, and food. This led to him developing an incredibly temperamental ego. He didn't think he deserved any of it. He was competitive, got into fights with his peers, had issues with [[The White Azalea|Redline]] addiction, and had limited success socially/romantically because of his self-destructive tendencies. 
- [[Terrik|The Wraith]] Part 2
	- In 1251 Otto was drafted into the military to help to complete a mission in Delapagos. [[Terrik]] quickly got him into his battalion to protect him. Over the next year, they cleaned up their relationship, and worked together to complete the mission. [[Terrik]]'s brother slipped up, and their sect was discovered and ambushed. [[Terrik]] saved a group of civilians from the firefight, but blew their entire mission. He then discovered that his brother had been shot. [[Terrik]] brought him to the infirmary, but it was too late. The mission was cancelled and [[Terrik]] went home.
	- To his horror, the senate held a gala in his honor because he had saved the civilians. [[Terrik]] was insulted that they were celebrating this. He looked out over [[Hephaestus]] and felt that he was doing the wrong thing. He had spent a year and a half trying to make the world a better place, and wound up not only failing, but getting his brother killed too. 
	- He went back inside, accepted his medal, and went to the bar. There, he encountered a drunken Senator Blackwater of Ravmyr. Blackwater was a pacifist from the south, and he and his rich friends called [[Terrik]] a murderer. [[Terrik]] told him to shut up about things he didn't understand, so Blackwater called him a prole. [[Terrik]] punched him in the mouth, and was escorted out from his own gala. As he was leaving, he saw Blackwater hiding drugs. 
- [[Terrik|The Wraith]] Part 3
	- [[Terrik]] snuck into his hotel room that night and rifled through his things, looking for drugs. He collected evidence and took photos. He found a bunch of [[The White Azalea|Hush]], evidence of horrendous crimes, and connections to [[the White Azalea]]. Blackwater got home early and pulled a pistol on [[Terrik]]. Blackwater threatened to destroy his life using his contacts, and then when [[Terrik]] returned the threat, he tried to shoot him. [[Terrik]] survived and killed Blackwater in self defense. Panicking, he hid the body in the other room, and wrote a fake [[The White Azalea|Hush]]-covered suicide note. He snuck out. 
	- He went to see his now widowed sister-in-law Ingrid, and his niece Abelia. [[Terrik]] was contemplating ending his life, because he knew he was a bad person. Ingrid told him that there are three people: there's who you think you are, there's who you want to be, and what you do. Who you think you are matters the least by far. Ever since they were kids [[Terrik]] had hated himself, and only ever saw his flaws. Nobody is perfect, and if you look hard enough, everybody is a horrible person. What matters is that he never stops trying to do what is right to him. As long as he never stops trying, he's a good person in her eyes. 
	- As he was leaving, Abelia showed her a drawing she'd made. It was of the "Tall Man," who she said she had a nightmare about. He lived in the woods and would eat bad people. It was a shadowy creature with red eyes and horns. [[Terrik]] told her that he'd protect her. 
- [[Terrik|The Wraith]] Part 4
	- Blackwater's "suicide" stuck, meaning he'd gotten away with it. Maybe the police didn't want to bring any attention to [[the White Azalea]], or maybe there were other connections to worry about. [[Terrik]] was now firmly aware of the corruption in the Republic. 
	- [[Terrik]] thought a lot about what Ingrid had said. He didn't know what was right anymore. All he wanted was to have something he could feel proud of, but all he's ever been good at is killing. Everything that's "good" has just been making him feel terrible. Like the gala, that was awful, and it was supposed to be a reward for him. 
	- A few nights later, some men from [[the White Azalea]] kidnapped and beat Abelia. When [[Terrik]] found out, he went to the police, and nothing happened. Furious, he found and spoke to the detective at an abandoned lake house (the detective's suggestion). Through their conversation, he learns that not only is the detective protecting [[the White Azalea]], but he was actually the one who hurt Abelia. The detective wanted him to know that, to scare him off, because they know he killed Blackwater. The detective threatened him, and said that if he did anything else, they'd kill her, and if he hurt him, he'd go to jail for assaulting an officer. 
	- [[Terrik]] beat the man half to death. Not wanting to face the legal consequences of someone finding him, he tied him to a chair weighed down with bricks. [[Terrik]] told him that he wasn't afraid of them, and that they should absolutely be afraid of him. He asked him how many people [[the White Azalea]] had under their thumb. The detective said everyone, and that if the system is already broken, then what's the point in trying to fix it? Why not just enjoy yourself? [[Terrik]] was disgusted. So he tipped the chair into the lake, killing the man. 
	- [[Terrik]] realized something: getting revenge like this was the best he'd felt in a long time. He didn't know if what he was working for was actually making a difference, but this was. [[The White Azalea]] was an awful organization that he was uniquely suited for dismantling. 
	- He returned to check in on Abelia, and found that she had been killed anyways, likely before [[Terrik]] even got to the lake house, and Ingrid was beaten unconscious. 
- [[Terrik|The Wraith]] Part 5
	- It had been 6 months since Blackwater. [[Terrik]] was much more prideful than ever, and was insulting Ingrid, who he'd now taken as his girlfriend. She said he'd changed, and she went to bed. It isn't clear how many, but [[Terrik]] had killed a lot of people. He stood on his balcony, looking out over everything, feeling like he'd won it all. 
	- That night, Evan Blackwater broke into [[Terrik]]'s mansion. He encountered the couple and drew a pistol. He knows [[Terrik]] did it, since Evan would never take his own life. Evan was clearly not the murderer type, as he quickly began crying and shaking. [[Terrik]] tried to deescalate the situation. [[Terrik]] told him that he did it in self-defense, and that there are much bigger people to worry about. If he kills [[Terrik]], he's letting them win. Evan said he didn't want to kill [[Terrik]], he wanted to kill someone he loved, like how he did to him. [[Terrik]] told Ingrid to run and made a move at Evan, but he got a shot out and hit Ingrid. She collapsed on the floor. [[Terrik]] took Evan's gun and punched him down. He grabbed Ingrid and tried to talk to her, but she was already gone. Evan stood over the now shaking [[Terrik]], "now you know what it's like. My brother wasn't a good man, but he didn't deserve this." [[Terrik]] turned around and chased Evan down. In a public square, [[Terrik]] beat Evan to death with his bare hands. He assaulted anyone that tried to intervene, and publicly admitted to killing Senator Blackwater. 
	- He was arrested, stripped of his titles, and publicly shamed. A bunch of phony charges were applied to him by the corrupt officers that wanted him dead. He was set to be executed, and sat in defeat. He didn't understand how the Republic could do this to him. 
	- Senator [[Kaul]] personally attended his private execution and allowed the executioners to torture him before his death, something they were absolutely not allowed to do. Hot oil was poured on his face and ignited, horrifically scarring him, but he managed to blind the torturer and escape. 
- [[Terrik|The Wraith]] Part 6
	- He fled into the wastes of Torbekk, where he was presumed dead. His skin turned pale and blue from the cold, and that combined with his scars, made him look like a walking corpse. The extreme emotional distress he'd been placed in caused him to flood and develop [[Serendipita|ether]] capabilities. Though a powerful funneler, he refuses to use his abilities in combat because he prefers traditional hand-to-hand combat. 
	- He debated ending his life. He had lost everything and everyone he cared about. He was hopeless, depressed, and utterly defeated. What Ingrid had told him rang in his head, but in a new light. He believes man is inherently evil, and there's no way to fix or undo that. His mission to fix the Republic was doomed from the start. What is "right" is relative to the situation. What they need is a new leader, someone powerful and intelligent enough to enforce what is good unto man. There's no way to make people see that though, so what was the point of him trying? 
	- He made camp in a cave, where he heard a voice calling to him. He cautiously entered, and encountered [[Malfaust]]. He was ready to fight the beast (likely to his own demise). Dragons were not only meant to be extinct, but also blood-boilingly evil. 
	- [[Malfaust]] was civil, and didn't try to fight. Instead, he asked him what had happened to him. [[Malfaust]] agreed that man was lesser. He had a plan to make things better. His ambitions required a messenger and soldier. Together, they could bring about a world free of corruption, and [[Terrik]] could do something truly, really good. No longer would he do "good" by what other men decide, he would be doing something that he believed was right. 
	- [[Terrik]] believed him. And with nowhere else to go, or nothing else to fall back on, he agreed. He didn't trust [[Malfaust]], but was surprised by how intelligent he was. [[Malfaust]] taught him everything he knew, and equipped him with draconic armor and [[hard-light]] weapons. 
	- [[Terrik]] wanted an alias, and he wanted to be [[Arcohaem]]'s worst nightmare. He then thought back to Abelia's drawing, and designed his suit around that. He would be a solid black shadowy creature with red eyes and horns, an envoy of a higher power, [[Terrik|the Wraith]] of [[Arcohaem]]. He would do whatever [[Malfaust]] said in order to form a new, better world. 


#### Rising Tensions
12c 1253 - **[[Atka]]**
[[Terrik|The Wraith]] appeared to [[Atka|Kry Atka]], a senator from [[Frigoshia]]. He introduced himself as a friend and envoy of one greater than he. He gave him advice, secrets, and predictions. He proved to be helpful, but only if their communications remained secret. [[Atka]] is a supernatural fanatic, and like the rest of the people of [[Frigoshia]], was deeply reliant on the old culture of [[Arcohaem]]. He began to trust [[Terrik|the Wraith]] as a muse of some kind.
[[Terrik|The Wraith]] shows him the temples of old, that depict the true history of [[Arcohaem]]. He shows that this is the true source of [[Arcohaem|Arcohaemian]] culture, and that it's something they should bring back. [[Atka]] is enthralled and agrees. [[Atka]] already believed that mankind shouldn't rule itself, so when [[Terrik|the Wraith]] offered him a chance to make a better [[Arcohaem]] a reality, he jumped at the opportunity. 
The deal was simple: if [[Atka]] helped rally the northern tribes to declare independence, [[Terrik|the Wraith]] would help make him king. Then, with that newfound power, they could bring the dragons back in broad daylight. [[Atka]], the lunatic that he is, agreed instantly. 

12c 1253 - **[[Kaul]]**
[[Terrik|The Wraith]] did not want to visit Senator [[Kaul|Caldus Kaul]], but [[Malfaust]] wanted him. Mysterious gifts, blueprints, and schematics began to appear on [[Kaul]]'s desk during the night. If someone was stationed to observe them, they wouldn't appear. Whatever the source, [[Kaul]] thought they were ingenious! Before he was a senator, [[Kaul]] worked as an [[Serendipita|E-Tech]] weapons engineer. The Senate would never approve construction of these things, though.
[[Kaul]] waited in his office all night, and slowly drifted to sleep. He was awakened by [[Terrik|the Wraith]], who stood in his now locked office. He was suspicious at first, and attempted to grab a weapon, but [[Terrik|the Wraith]] had already taken and destroyed it. [[Terrik|The Wraith]] assured [[Kaul]] that he wasn't in any danger. Quite the opposite in fact.  
[[Terrik|The Wraith]] offered him a deal. [[Kaul]] wanted to become Chancellor so he could wage war and make money off selling weapons. [[Terrik|The Wraith]] could help make this happen, and all [[Kaul]] would have to do is push the Senate into accepting the trade deal with Hades, and ushering in the technological changes [[Arcohaem]] desperately wanted. Then, [[Arcohaem]] would be cleaner, smarter, and safer. Their military would be unstoppable, and their citizens rich and happy. The Republic was founded off the ideals of progress anyways. 
[[Kaul]] was suspicious. He told [[Terrik|the Wraith]] to give him time to consider it. He researched [[Terrik|the Wraith]] and found no evidence of his existence prior to this. He wanted that power, and he wanted those weapons. He utterly failed to track or decipher [[Terrik|the Wraith]]'s identity, but he saw no reason to think anything would be risky for him. So, he accepted. 

12c 1254 - **The Schism**
[[Chancellor Harald]] was assassinated by [[Terrik|the Wraith]]. His body was pinned to the ceiling with his own spear, covered with claw marks and scorched lacerations. [[Kaul]] didn't expect this, and felt horrible. He confronted [[Terrik|the Wraith]], who couldn't care less what [[Kaul]] felt. In a crisis vote, [[Kaul]] is voted in as the new Chancellor of the Republic. Using his power, he ushers in [[Serendipita|E-Tech]] in [[Hephaestus]], accepts the trade deal with Hades, and develops insane new [[Serendipita|Ether]] powered weapons to protect the Republic. Their new [[Serendipita|E-Tech]] is bulky, rushed, inefficient, inelegant, and more concerned with raw brute power than efficiency. Within a year, [[Hephaestus]] is unrecognizable. [[Kaul]] has convinced people that the changes, though major, would allow them access to more food, supplies trade, money, and an overall easier way of life akin to the rest of the world. Additionally, it'd protect them from things like the Black Winter ever happening again. 
[[Atka]] resists and begins growing supporters to declare independence. They're happy with the way things are right now and don't want it to change. Their culture is getting wiped out and replaced by the boring culture the rest of the world shares. They're losing their identity. They protest, skirmish, and refuse the changes. Even if their way of life is primitive, they're happy with who they are.


#### Today
12c 1255 - **The Civil War**
Tensions were incredibly high. Senator Rimeholt of Nedrena was travelling to [[Hephaestus]] on a diplomatic mission, when his ship was intercepted by [[Terrik|the Wraith]]. [[Terrik|The Wraith]] hunted him throughout the ship and slaughtered his entire crew. When he finally reached Rimeholt, he killed him with Republic weapons. 
This act was so gross, and unwarranted, that it pushed the North into finally declaring independence. As they struggled to reorganize, [[Terrik|the Wraith]] threatened and blackmailed opposition to ensure [[Atka]] was made the primary monarch of the north. The north formed a monarchy under the name [[Frigoshia]]. The land the tribe of [[Frigoshia]] originally occupied was renamed to Torhild. Each tribe under [[Frigoshia]] elects a Baron that reports to the king. This move dropped the Republic to 35 tribes and 176 Senators. 
The Republic declares war, but is unprepared for the [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] first strike. They butcher Karlstad and fight with cruel indifference and efficiency. Unlike the Republic, the north is largely made up of warrior tribes, meaning they're 10x better at fighting, even against the Republic's superior firepower. 
In a massive panic, the Senate greenlit "[[Kaul]]'s" weapons. This led to a brutal territorial tug-of-war along what was later deemed, "The Howling Front."
With [[Atka]] now king, their expanded resources allowed for the construction of multiple laboratories to study and rejuvenate the preserved dragon eggs. These were built under the guise of "military bunkers," and the tech they were using inside was kept secret from the rest of [[Frigoshia]]. 
[[Terrik|The Wraith]] has been using [[Kaul|Chancellor Kaul]] to covertly purchase and ship incubation equipment through the Republic bank. When [[Kaul]] caught on to all of this, [[Terrik]] decided to reveal who he was, and what he's building. He completely abandoned the "friend" act and attacked him. [[Terrik]] hates [[Kaul]] for what he did to him before his execution. If [[Kaul]] wouldn't work with them, [[Terrik]] would kill him and his family and wouldn't lose a wink of sleep over it. [[Kaul]] agreed. 

12c 1266 - **Modern Day**
[[Atka]] has kept up his side of the bargain. They've been able to hatch 50+ dragons, even if they're just Juveniles. The [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] populace was starting to run out of food, not only because of the harsh winter and taxation, but because a lot of resources are going to the dragons. 
From his lair, [[Malfaust]] has been attempting to find a way to produce more dragon eggs. He's been using [[Serendipita|E-Tech]] to experiment on young female dragons. This led to the creation of multiple mutant dragon children, and [[Amalgamma]], a nightmarish amalgam of young female dragons and [[Serendipita|E-Tech]] designed to produce eggs. Once it's completed, [[Malfaust]] can use his draconic army to reclaim [[Arcohaem]], and eventually [[Serendipita]]. 
A group of lost Republic soldiers discovered a routine [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] transport in the middle of nowhere that contained incubation equipment and records of the dragon program. They reported it to the Senate, which voted for a strike team to infiltrate [[Frigoshia]] to destabilize it. They can't get an army into [[Frigoshia]] right now, and they can't divert troops away from the capital in case of a draconic invasion. 
[[Kaul]] obviously couldn't let this mission succeed, but as Chancellor he needed to go along with it. [[Terrik|The Wraith]] told him what was going to happen. 
1. The Chancellor would get the least reputable strike team he could find to lead the mission.
2. [[Terrik]] would seize control of [[Kaul]]'s royal guard under an alias to allow him to be closer to the mission.
3. [[Terrik]] will meet them directly along their mission to attempt to scare them or kill them off entirely to make it seem like they're cowards/failed. 
4. Together, they'll frame the strike team's commander to allow [[Kaul]] direct control over their mission to push them into getting themselves killed.
5. [[Kaul]] is going to develop a cover-up for the incubation program to frame it as a hoax. 
6. [[Atka]] is going to relocate the dragon breeding program to ensure they don't find anything even if they do make it there.