### Contextual Information
[[Serendipita|Ether]] replaces all magic. Funnelers use [[Serendipita|Ether]] via their Folcryst Gland, which pulls [[Serendipita|Ether]] in from its home dimension and condenses it into a usable form. [[Serendipita|E-Tech]] is powered by crystallized [[Serendipita|Ether]], or [[Serendipita|Eathyst]]. [[Serendipita|Eathyst]] is mined in the eastern deserts of Styxas, studied in the central plains of Fol'Gar'Eth, and refined in the underground volcanoes of [[Arcohaem]]. There aren't any religions in [[Serendipita]]. 

[[Arcohaem]] is the northwestern portion of [[Serendipita]]. It's an arctic, mountainous wasteland. Two factions exist: the [[Republic of Arcohaem]], and [[Frigoshia]]. [[Frigoshia]] used to be part of the Republic, but rebelled to ensure that their more primitive warrior lifestyle remained in-tact following the [[Republic of Arcohaem]]'s swift adoption of the industrial revolution and the [[Serendipita|Eathyst]] refinery trade. The Republic is now the primary refinery in [[Serendipita]], and they do most of their refinery in the volcanic caverns beneath the Republic's capital: [[Hephaestus]].

The [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Wolves of Arcohaem]] are an elite Republic strike team deemed too unpredictable to be trusted in the formal military. They answer only to [[Kragknull|Commander Kragknull]]. They're made up of 6 members: 
- [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Tinkle Winkler]] I, a delusional and posh but goodhearted paladin that believes he's a noble
- Darrel Honor's'swift, a serious human paladin
- [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Old Man Olaf]], a kleptomaniac con artist in his mid 80s that hates rich people and [[Frigoshia|Frigoshians]]
- [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Ostos]] "[[PCs B - Arcohaem|Ron]]" Bjornson, a storm goliath cleric with an appetite rivalled by the gods, and an unrivaled hatred for [[Frigoshia]]
- [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Iona]] Kunetzova, a human water-sorcerer that's naturally shy that fights so that people can have a choice in participating in the war--unlike him
- lord [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]] San [[House Havran|Havran]], a human fire-sorcerer that's arrogant, loyal, and manipulative. He was raised as a Republic noble, where he was overlooked, so he joined the military to prove himself. 

### Chapter 1:  In Medias Res
It's the winter of 12c, 1266. 5 years ago, the Wolves were formed. 5 weeks ago, they were dispatched to locate Krothmire. Krothmire is a secret [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] prison camp hidden deep in the eastern Howling Front (the unmoving line of combat between [[Frigoshia]] and the Republic). The war prisoners there are forced to work in forges, and kept barely alive. The cover of night coupled with a powerful snowstorm has given them an opportunity to approach the prison undetected. 

The mission proceeds fairly simply. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]] debated whether to fireball a room with his friends in it, but ultimately didn't. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Olaf]] masterfully convinced two guards that he had news of their father. They sat on the edge of a cliff to listen, and [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Olaf]] pushed them off to their deaths. Truly a wild gambit that somehow paid off. Besides that, it proceeded largely normally. 

Suddenly, [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Ron]] hears a loud beeping sound coming from his pocket. It's a small triangular marble beacon no larger than the palm of his hand. A small blue sphere in the center is beeping, transmitting an encoded message from [[Kragknull|Commander Kragknull]]. After some translation, to their shock, their ongoing mission of 5 weeks has been prematurely cancelled. The message reads, "EMERGENCY. BY ORDER OF THE CHANCELLOR, RETURN TO THE CAPITAL IMMEDIATELY. THIS IS A MATTER OF NATIONAL SECURITY. ONGOING MISSION NULLIFIED. - [[Kragknull|COMMANDER KRAGKNULL]]."

### Chapter 2: Long Live the Republic
1 week later, the Wolves return. They're greeted by some fans, [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]] jumps in a well, and [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Olaf]] / [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Ron]] purchase poison. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Olaf]] searched for furries but couldn't find any, so he resorted to scamming people out of their money. 

While exploring the town, they spot several details in the background. There are comic books made about them; they're extremely exaggerated. There are also comics about the other major heroes of [[Arcohaem]], like the reliable and classic [[The Karlstad Crusaders|Karlstad Crusaders]], and more. 

There are also propaganda posters throughout town. "Where will you tell your kids you were during the war?" "What happens to them if you don't act fast enough?" "Don't fight for terrorism! Report [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] activity." "Everyone's enlisted - what about you?" "Fight for their future." "[[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]]? Or just a coward in fur?" "[[Frigoshia]] is fighting for squalor - don't let them win!"

They decide to head to the Senate building to receive their next mission.

### Chapter 3: Your Mission
Arriving at the hulking Senate building, they enter to receive their mission. They enter [[Kragknull|Commander Kragknull]]'s office, which features 3 large windows overlooking the city, and twin statues of [[Kaul|Chancellor Kaul]]. [[Kragknull]] has been waiting for them. He's a stoic man that's quite close to them. He welcomes them in, and after exchanging hellos, sits them down and lays out the situation.


"I've been a commander since the beginning of this war. Over that time, I've seen the [[Frigoshia|Frigoshians]] sink to lows even I didn't think they'd cross. They fight and kill without mercy, or identity, or voice, all so that they can enforce their primitive lifestyle onto us. It confounds me why some of our own citizens go out of their way to protest this conflict like we're somehow at fault here. With all of that said, I didn't think anything they could do could surprise me... but this most recent development is so terrible that I've been sick with dread for the past week. Two weeks ago, 5 of our soldiers were separated in the heat of battle and got lost wandering the eastern Howling Front. While wandering, they discovered a [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] transport carrying incubation equipment, and the first dragon egg we've seen in centuries. This has led the Senate to believe that the [[Frigoshia|Frigoshians]] are running a covert dragon breeding program, likely for military use. According to legend, a single adult dragon could decimate [[Hephaestus]] before we even got a chance to respond. We don't know how many they have, and our armies aren't getting close enough to the capital to stop them. So the Senate approved a secret mission to infiltrate [[Frigoshia]], locate the program, and shut it down. To the senate's surprise, [[Kaul|Chancellor Kaul]] personally selected you 5 for this mission. I don't think I have to explain why that wasn't a popular decision. I believe you're more than capable for this mission, but your track record is inconsistent, so you'll need to step up to prove yourselves to the Senate. Like I said, your mission has three parts: first, you need to infiltrate [[Frigoshia]]. None of our armies have ever been able to push through the Howling Front, so you'll need to be clever when going through or around it. Second, you need to locate the dragon breeding program. It's likely hidden within the [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] capital [[Frigoshia|Torhild]]. We have no reconnaissance beyond the Howling Front, so expect the worst. You need to be fast, quiet, and ready for a fight. Don't trust anyone there; even someone as young as 8 could be fully trained in [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] combat. Third, you need to destroy it, and eliminate any living dragons and eggs. It is of the utmost importance you don't miss any, because if even one is left, it could spell disaster for the Republic, and for all of [[Serendipita]]."

They then planned their mission. They're going to travel to [[Ammalor]] and charter a ship, before sailing around the Howling Front, and entering [[Frigoshia]] from the North (The Wastes Pale). They'll push through the wastes, before sneaking into the capital [[Frigoshia|Torhild]] to search for and eliminate the dragon program.

### Chapter 4: [[Ammalor]]
The Wolves moved from [[Hephaestus]] to [[Ammalor]] to search for a ship to charter. It's known far and wide for its artisans, trade, and craftsmanship. The ports are bustling, the shops and overflowing with merchandise, and the streets are lined with the rich and powerful. 

Seeing the wealthy, [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Olaf]] quickly resorts to conning. Over the course of the next hour, he made a whopping 700gp with rigged cup games and deceptions. While this is happening, [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Ron]] consumes an ungodly 20 imported Ambrosine fish tacos. 

[[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]] and [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Iona]] look for a ship to take. Most reject or avoid them upon seeing their military outfits, except for one. [[Marrek Renn|Marrek]] is an older, sketchier sailor. He asks for 100gp *each* plus 1000gp to armor the ship. Supposed "volcanic activity" is wiping out ships in the north. On top of that, there's a large blockade that he has to avoid. They'll have to take a small private ship in the dark to avoid getting noticed. He mentions 

[[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]] is suspicious. He's very clearly involved in criminal activity, and his code of "no questions both ways" is definitely strange. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Iona]] trusts him right away, and with some negotiation from [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Ron]], they get the ship armored and prepared for the voyage. The farthest he can take them is Freyrhage, because anything beyond that risks encountering the blockade. 

While sailing, they hear some mysterious noises coming from the water. There are large bubbles erupting from the water around their ship. They definitely seem organic, but [[Marrek Renn|Marrek]] claims they're just the "volcanic activity" he mentioned earlier. They hear some splashing off the back side of the boat and the bubbling stops. Something was thrown into the water.

[[Marrek Renn|Marrek]] retreats into his private quarters. Suspicious as always, [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]] asks [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Olaf]] to pick the lock to let them in. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Olaf]] does so flawlessly, and they enter his quarters. They find a small rusted lockbox under his desk. Inside is a rusted dagger with draconic emblems etched into it. [[Marrek Renn|Marrek]] catches them, but he isn't worries. He explains that he found it while doing a job with an anonymous treasure hunter. The guy died getting it, and he lost the tip of his middle finger in the process. The dagger predates the founding of the tribes of [[Arcohaem]], but is far more advanced than anything in that time. So, it's impossible. He doesn't know who made it, but the thought that there's always more out there keeps him sailing. 

He tells them to leave his quarters. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]] threatens and questions him. [[Marrek Renn|Marrek]] yells that they had an arrangement, and that he'll kick him off the ship. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]] continues to irritate, threaten, and abuse his "authority" over [[Marrek Renn|Marrek]]. Finally, [[Marrek Renn|Marrek]] snaps. As they dock in Freyrhage, [[Marrek Renn|Marrek]] throws [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]] off the ship and vaguely insinuates that he'll get what's coming to him. He doesn't flinch when [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]] attempts to burn him. 

### Chapter 5: Freyrhage
The Wolves dock in Freyrhage. The port is massive and hastily constructed but largely abandoned. A large third-party militia from out-of-country has moved in. They've assembled fences, guard routes, and large metal towers. A [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] flagpole is torn down. 

Freyrhage was established some 35 years ago to capitalize off the port. A lot of care went into the town, but when the war began, they were forced into joining [[Frigoshia]]. They recently declared independence and hired the militia to protect them from the incoming battalion. 

[[PCs B - Arcohaem|Iona]], furious with [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]]' actions with [[Marrek Renn|Marrek]], splits off from the group. He meets Emily Persson, who's pushing elderly Annette Persson in a jammed wheelchair. He helps her, and she recognizes their armor. She invites them to join her family for roast duck.

[[PCs B - Arcohaem|Ron]] consumes the "Four Horsemeals of the Eggporkalypse" and craps himself to intimidate the restaurant owner. He's then invited by [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Iona]] to join the dinner. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Olaf]] meets Danny and Danielle Persson. Danielle is incredibly outgoing and Danny is super shy, but they bond with [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Olaf]]. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Iona]] invites [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Olaf]] and [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]] to dinner too.

At the dinner, [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Ron]] quickly bonds with Erik Persson, a slovenly but big-hearted father who communicates through grunts and small sentences--their mutual love of food draws them together. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Olaf]] impresses Danny with his military stories. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]] jokingly flirts with Emily Persson, and then meets Danielle, who reminds him of his sister. Danielle gives him her pop-up book, which notably has her name and address in it in case he ever wants to come back. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Iona]], accidentally becoming drunk, turns the party into a dance party, and has a blast with everyone. 

The Perssons want to flee, but they can't afford it because of [[Marrek Renn|Marrek]]'s ridiculous asking prices. Besides, they don't know if Annette will survive the journey; she's old and can't walk. They stress that they trust the military, and that they always lock their doors at night.  

### Chapter 6: Borderlands
After a fun night, they get back on track with their mission. They begin moving west through the arctic plains. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Iona]], keen as ever, spots a solid black silhouette atop a cliff a few miles away. It's just... watching. Getting a closer look, he notices that it'd vanished. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]] begins having PTSD symptoms upon connecting the dots that it might be [[Terrik|the Wraith]]. 

After about an hour of walking, they find themselves in a series of small icy ravines. They stumble into a cliff, and discover a full battalion stocked with explosives, weapons, and over 200 men. They're then ambushed by a [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] soldier. 

They quickly overpower him, and he begs them to spare him. He shares information about his family, and he drops everything he has. His name is [[Alric]] [[Alric|Grimvell]]. He acts very strangely; he's very relaxed, and he makes jokes, and doesn't seem to be that afraid. His eyes doesn't really emote, but that could just be because he's [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]]. His armor is patterned and fancier, and he claims that he just got promoted to "squad leader." He claims he was forced into the military and that he won't tell anyone. He also recognizes the [[House Havran|Havran]] family ring, which is not only an insane feat, but is an odd thing for him to even know about. 

He agrees to reveal what his battalion is planning if they let him go. While he's talking to them, he's getting their names, how they got here, and what they've been up to. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Ron]] isn't buying it, but no one else wants to resort to murder just yet. They take the deal, and he reveals that his battalion is going to wipe out Freyrhage for rebelling, and then they're going to move on to Mosegard to push through to Lemnaeus. They're attacking at sunset, which is in a little over an hour.

[[Alric]] notices the pop-up book Danielle gave [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]]. Thinking it odd, he swipes it while giving him a hug. He then vanishes.

### Chapter 7: Me? I'm Nobody
They call [[Kragknull|Commander Kragknull]], who's talking with his friend [[Finn|Senator Finn]], and he encourages them to warn the town. However, they shouldn't under any circumstances risk their mission for them since they aren't even really associated with the Republic. 

They mention [[Alric]], and [[Kragknull]] acts funny. Something is wrong; [[Kragknull]] knows that name from somewhere. There's no way he's just a squad leader. If [[Kragknull]] knows him, then he probably isn't dumb enough to attack a squad of soldiers by himself. 

[[PCs B - Arcohaem|Ron]] uses all of his teleports to chase after a trail of footprints in the snow. To his dismay, they're dummy scouts [[Alric]] sent to distract them. He went towards the town, but they don't know how he moved so quick and they don't know why. 

Reaching the town, they find the front guard missing. He'd been killed and dragged into the bushes, where his eyelids were removed. He's dying, and coughing up blood. He says someone pretended to be lost and then stabbed him. It's nearly sunset. 

They look for the Perssons, and find the front door open and the window smashed. They never leave their door open. Inside, they find the living room trashed, and Annette collapsed on the floor in a pool of blood. A single candlelight burns behind the kitchen door. 

After much deliberation, they all enter the mostly barren kitchen. A kettle is cooling on the stove, still making a low whistling. In the center of the room, Erik and Emily are tied to chairs and gagged. In the corner, Danny and Danielle are tied to each other. They're terrified, and are looking to the back door but you can't see anything. 

Just then, they heard a voice say, "Hey! I was wondering if you'd even show up!" Emerging from the darkness is [[Alric]]. He's holding a gun to Emily's head, and sipping a cup of fresh tea in the other. He had a warm and friendly smile across his face. "It seems you're already acquainted with the Perssons," (gesturing to the pop-up book), "Danielle at least. I owe you an apology; I wasn't entirely honest with you earlier. I'm the captain of that battalion you saw earlier. My men spotted you coming and I figured I'd introduce myself to you fine people. Here's what I'm having trouble with. An elite Republic strike team, all alone, in Freyrhage of all places. That just doesn't sit right with me. So," (cocking his gun and pressing it to Emily's head)m "Who are you, and what are you doing here? Don't try to make a move, and don't stall because my men will be here soon."

[[PCs B - Arcohaem|Olaf]] tells him that they're here to sabotage supply lines, but he doesn't buy it. They're far too high-ranking for that, and Freyrhage hasn't been active in a long time. He counts down from five, and then shoots Emily in the face. He asks again, and points the gun at Danielle. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Ron]] climbs down from outside and attempts to shoot him, but misses, causing him to shoot Danielle. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]] screams, and [[Alric]] nonchalantly tells him to relax. He told them the rules, and they broke them. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]] panics and reveals their true mission to [[Alric]]. He's skeptical, because he hasn't heard anything about dragons and he's a captain. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Ron]] suggests he hear it from [[Kragknull|Commander Kragknull]], who quickly realizes they're being interrogated and poorly lies. [[Alric]] shuts it down. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Ron]] makes another move, and [[Alric]] shoots Danny. With only Erik remaining, [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Ron]] uses Death Ward to protect him from death. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Iona]] then water bubbles [[Alric]], knocking him prone. This action causes [[Alric]] to again fire at Erik, but Death Ward protects him from death, and instead knocks him unconscious. They all seize the opportunity to beat and trap [[Alric]]. He convinces them to keep him alive long enough to get information out of him. They take his body and flee as Freyrhage is raided and burned down. No one else makes it out. 


### Chapter 8 - Nocturne
After running for hours into the night, they make camp and reflect. They contact [[Kragknull]], who's infuriated that they'd reveal the mission. [[Alric]] is injected with [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Olaf]]'s truth serum, and reveals that he truly doesn't know anything about Dragons. He also broadcast their conversation on an open channel, meaning there's a good chance someone overheard. They decide they're done with [[Alric]], and all take turns beating and killing him, with Erik Persson dealing the killing blow. [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Lukas]] turns him to ash, and [[PCs B - Arcohaem|Iona]] dissolves his bones in acid. While dying, [[Alric]] smiled, enjoying the pain and getting outplayed by someone else. 

They will continue their mission with a newfound hate for [[Frigoshia]]. A deep-seated distaste that has finally boiled over into pure unadulterated hatred.