"I think it's weird for me to be doing this too"

Prophecy is a fascinating part of the Bible that is incredibly important to us on a day to day basis and Jehovah's Witnesses. It can also be either incredibly straightforward, or near indecipherable without assistance from some other resource. I personally found Isaiah to be so complex that I probably wouldn't have gotten much of anything from it without the study guide. So that's a strange dilemma to have. It's incredibly important, but if someone maybe out in the ministry asked you to define it, you might be a little stumbled. So, how do you define prophecy? Well, what's the ultimate authority on Bible prophecy? The Bible. So, we're going to be looking at a few verses to learn what Prophecy is, and how it occurred. 

So, what is prophecy? If you could open your Bibles to 2 Peter 1:20, 21, we can see the Bible's answer. 2 Peter 1:20, 21. It says, "For you know this first, that *no* prophecy of Scripture springs from any *private interpretation*. For prophecy was at *no time* brought by *man's will*, but men spoke *from god* as they were moved by holy spirit." Did you notice what it said? It said that prophecy wasn't brought by man's will, but that it came from god. So, the straight definition for prophecy is: a message inspired by God. A prophet, therefore, is someone who receives this message from God and shares it with others. 

Note that it doesn't say that prophecy *must* involve foretelling the future. I didn't know that at first because most of the prophecies I'm very familiar with are prophecies about the last days in Revelation 21, and ones about historical events like Cyrus capturing Babylon in Isaiah. The Bible actually contains several instances of divine revelations that didn't foretell the future. Let's see an example at Luke 22:63, 64. To set the scene, Jesus had just been sentenced to death, and some men around him were hitting him. Luke 22:63, 64. It says, "Now the men who held Jesus in custody began to mock him, hitting him; and after covering his face, they kept asking: "Prophesy! Who is it that struck you?" Now these cruel men were asking Jesus to prophecy, but they weren't asking him who would hit him, they were asking who had hit him. Past tense. Meaning that it wouldn't involve foretelling the future.

So now we'll focus in on that second point, how did prophecy occur? Or a better question would be, how did Jehovah communicate with humans? Originally, I'd assumed it'd primarily happen through verbal communication with an angel. We don't have time to read it, but Exodus 3:2-4 is a good example of this: in these verses one of Jehovah's angels communicates directly to Moses through the burning bush. But the Bible actually speaks of many different ways Jehovah communicated to humans. Jehovah wrote the ten commandments for Moses directly into the stone tablets. Additionally, sometimes Jehovah communicated through visions and dreams. We think of these when we consider maybe some of Ezekiel's or Isaiah's visions. For the last way Jehovah communicated, we should look at 2 Timothy 3:16. 2 Timothy 3:16. It says, "All scripture is *inspired* of god, and beneficial for teaching, for reproving, for setting things straight, for disciplining in righteousness." DId you notice that it said that the scriptures were "inspired of god?" What does that mean? Well it means that the scriptures originate with God, but we know Jehovah didn't directly write them in the same way he did the 10 commandments. So, this means that Jehovah would've mentally guided the thoughts of the Bible writers to transmit his message through them. So the last way prophets could receive messages from Jehovah, was through mental guidance, in which Jehovah gave the ideas to the prophets, but allowed them to word and share it themselves.

So, what did we learn. We saw that prophecy doesn't have to involve foretelling the future, and is, in fact, any divinely inspired message from Jehovah. We also saw that prophecy can come in many different forms, be it direct communication via angels, writing, visions, or mental guidance like with the Bible writers. So, now that you know this, if someone asks you what prophecy is, you can explain it just a little bit easier.