### Contextual Information
Ether replaces all magic. Funnelers use Ether via their Folcryst Gland, which pulls Ether in from its home dimension and condenses it into a usable form. E-Tech is powered by crystallized Ether, or Eathyst. Eathyst is mined in the eastern deserts of Styxas, studied in the central plains of Fol'Gar'Eth, and refined in the underground volcanoes of [[Arcohaem]]. There aren't any religions in Serendipita. 

[[Arcohaem]] is the northwestern portion of Serendipita. It's an arctic, mountainous wasteland. Two factions exist: the [[Republic of Arcohaem]], and [[Frigoshia]]. [[Frigoshia]] used to be part of the Republic, but rebelled to ensure that their more primitive warrior lifestyle remained in-tact following the [[Republic of Arcohaem]]'s swift adoption of the industrial revolution and the Eathyst refinery trade. The Republic is now the primary refinery in Serendipita, and they do most of their refinery in the volcanic caverns beneath the Republic's capital: [[Hephaestus]].

The [[PCs - Arcohaem|Wolves of Arcohaem]] are an elite Republic strike team deemed too unpredictable to be trusted in the formal military. They answer only to Commander Kragknull. They're made up of 5 members: [[PCs - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] the fish-obsessed Owlbear Rogue, [[PCs - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]] the clever Half-Elf Artificer, [[PCs - Arcohaem|Doornail]] the protective macho Goliath Paladin, [[PCs - Arcohaem|Brogus]] the kind Orc Monk-Rogue, and [[PCs - Arcohaem|Rorik]] the loyal Dwarf Scholar. They used to be a party of 8 with the [[PCs - Arcohaem|Vaesha]] the hotheaded Fire Genasi Sorcerer, [[PCs - Arcohaem|Arrius]] the loyal Aarakocra Fighter, and [[PCs - Arcohaem|Rikkix]] the light-hearted Thri-Kreen Bard. [[PCs - Arcohaem|Vaesha]] died when one of [[PCs - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]]' devices exploded. [[PCs - Arcohaem|Arrius]] gave his life to save a family of Harengon, and [[PCs - Arcohaem|Rikkix]] vanished in a blizzard.

### Chapter 1: In Medias Res
It's the winter of 12c, 1266. 5 years ago the Wolves were formed. 5 weeks ago, they were dispatched to locate Krothmire. Krothmire is a secret [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] prison camp hidden deep in the eastern Howling Front, the unmoving line of combat between [[Frigoshia]] and the Republic. The war prisoners there are forced to work in forges, and kept barely alive. The cover of night coupled with a powerful snowstorm has given them an opportunity to approach the prison undetected.

[[PCs - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]] sneaks through back of the camp and discovers 3 crates of black fuel. [[PCs - Arcohaem|Doornail]], following close behind, quickly summons a flying steed to take them and the fuel above the camp. [[PCs - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] spots a guard above a watchtower and uses his rope to ascend the tower and quietly dispatches with him. While this is happening, [[PCs - Arcohaem|Rorik]] and [[PCs - Arcohaem|Brogus]] enter the front door of the prison, much to the guard's surprise. [[PCs - Arcohaem|Rorik]] blasts him with a barrage of missiles, allowing [[PCs - Arcohaem|Brogus]] the opportunity to grapple and pin the guard. The guard speaks old [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]], a dialect unknown to them, making interrogation pointless. They show no fear at all.

Then, BOOM! [[PCs - Arcohaem|Doornail]], sitting atop his Never-Ending-Story-Esque steed, hurls the crates of black fuel onto the roof of the forges, and onto the north tower. Then, with a bolt of fire from [[PCs - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]], the entire complex is rocked by a devastating explosion! The forges, the north tower, and half of the prisoner's quarters cave in. The final of which, was not intentional. In the chaos, [[PCs - Arcohaem|Brogus]] is ambushed by a guard, which stabs him in the back, freeing the guard [[PCs - Arcohaem|Brogus]] had pinned. The guard got to his feet, spin, and slashed him across the stomach. Seeing this unfold, [[PCs - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] silently eliminates the ambusher, and [[PCs - Arcohaem|Rorik]] finishes off the once-pinned guard.

Entering into the prison, [[PCs - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]] and [[PCs - Arcohaem|Doornail]] find half of the prisoners dead from either the explosion, or frostbite. They cannot tell the difference, and they don't want to check out of fear of guilt. [[PCs - Arcohaem|Doornail]] blocks the two remaining guards from entering the quarters while [[PCs - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]] puts out the raging flames. The guard's lack of fear is their undoing, as they're quickly overwhelmed by [[PCs - Arcohaem|Brogus]], [[PCs - Arcohaem|Malgruff]], and [[PCs - Arcohaem|Rorik]]. The prisoners are freed, and they have mixed feelings on the Wolves due to their potential hand in causing the explosion. 

Suddenly, [[PCs - Arcohaem|Doornail]] hears a loud beeping sound coming from his pocket. It's a small marble triangular beacon no larger than the palm of his hand. A small blue sphere in the center is beeping, transmitting an encoded message from Commander Kragknull. [[PCs - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]] translates the Morse code and to their shock, their ongoing mission of 5 weeks has been prematurely cancelled. The message reads, "EMERGENCY. BY ORDER OF THE CHANCELLOR, RETURN TO THE CAPITAL IMMEDIATELY. THIS IS A MATTER OF NATIONAL SECURITY. ONGOING MISSION NULLIFIED. - COMMANDER KRAGKNULL."

Before leaving, [[PCs - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] searches the guards, discovering a Ring of Protection, a Potion of Cloud Giant Strength, Boots of the Winterlands, and 1250gp. The Wolves then agree to transport the prisoners back to [[Hephaestus]]. [[PCs - Arcohaem|Doornail]] takes great care to heal and protect the remaining prisoners, and they begin the weeklong trek back home.

### Chapter 2: Long Live the Republic
1 week later, the Wolves return. [[Hephaestus]] looms ahead, rising from the snow like a colossus of stone and iron. Large, bulky machines refine Eathyst in the distance, emitting a plume of black and purple smoke from the nearby mountain. The streets are wide, covered in snow, and dotted with civilians bundled in thick fur coats. Large posters line the frosted stone walls, their bright colors catching your eyes. Thousands of soldiers accompanied by large steel machines parade through the streets, giving them a sense of familiarity, and peace. Through the city streets, bronze statues of heroes past watch silently from their opulent marble pedestals. The Senate building, a gargantuan amalgam of geometric stone shapes and pillars, dominates the skyline in front of you. It's strange, and different from what it used to be, but it's home. 

The Wolves waste no time splitting up. [[PCs - Arcohaem|Brogus]] and [[PCs - Arcohaem|Rorik]] head to the library near the senate building. [[PCs - Arcohaem|Brogus]] studies non-lethal subduction techniques by reading "Wrestling 101" while [[PCs - Arcohaem|Rorik]] studies Ethology to replace his spins. [[PCs - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]] books it to an E-Tech workshop to construct a fire grenade, purchase 3 100gp gems, and use one of them to construct a snake homunculus named Homie. [[PCs - Arcohaem|Doornail]] visits his favorite blacksmith Vostag, and they give each other friendly punches. After some haggling, Vostag makes a deal to construct new, E-Tech infused shields by making a deal with the local E-Tech shop owner Coren. Everyone then heads to the E-Tech shop. [[PCs - Arcohaem|Doornail]] purchases a Brooch of Shielding, 
[[PCs - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] purchases a Stone of Good Luck, a Frost Brand Rapier, Boots of Speed, and Glamoured Studded Leather Armor, [[PCs - Arcohaem|Rorik]] purchased a Wand of Fireballs, and [[PCs - Arcohaem|Brogus]] purchased a Cloak of the Elvenkind. 

While exploring the town, they spot several details in the background. There are comic books made about them; they're extremely exaggerated. A kid named Kuldrek Kershaw tells [[PCs - Arcohaem|Doornail]] that he's also from Hak'Thor and that he's his favorite. He gives him bad drawings and medals, and then the kids have to go. There are also comics about the other major heroes of [[Arcohaem]], like Chancellor Kaul's personal guard Captain Terrik, the reliable and classic Karlstad Crusaders, and more. 

There are also propaganda posters throughout town. "Where will you tell your kids you were during the war?" "What happens to them if you don't act fast enough?" "Don't fight for terrorism! Report [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] activity." "Everyone's enlisted - what about you?" "Fight for their future." "[[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]]? Or just a coward in fur?" "[[Frigoshia]] is fighting for squalor - don't let them win!"

They decide to head to the Senate building to receive their next mission.

### Chapter 3: Your Mission
Arriving at the hulking Senate building, they enter to receive their mission. They enter Commander Kragknull's office, which features 3 large windows overlooking the city, and twin busts of Chancellor Kaul. Kragknull has been waiting for them. He's a stoic man that's quite close to them. He welcomes them in, and after exchanging hellos, sits them down and lays out the situation.

"I've been a commander since the beginning of this war. Over that time, I've seen the [[Frigoshia|Frigoshians]] sink to lows even I didn't think they'd cross. They fight and kill without mercy, or identity, or voice, all so that they can enforce their primitive lifestyle onto us. It confounds me why some of our own citizens go out of their way to protest this conflict like we're somehow at fault here. With all of that said, I didn't think anything they could do could surprise me... but this most recent development is so terrible that I've been sick with dread for the past week. Two weeks ago, 5 of our soldiers were separated in the heat of battle and got lost wandering the eastern Howling Front. While wandering, they discovered a [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] transport carrying incubation equipment, and the first dragon egg we've seen in centuries. This has led the Senate to believe that the [[Frigoshia|Frigoshians]] are running a covert dragon breeding program, likely for military use. According to legend, a single adult dragon could decimate [[Hephaestus]] before we even got a chance to respond. We don't know how many they have, and our armies aren't getting close enough to the capital to stop them. So the Senate approved a secret mission to infiltrate [[Frigoshia]], locate the program, and shut it down. To the senate's surprise, Chancellor Kaul personally selected you 5 for this mission. I don't think I have to explain why that wasn't a popular decision. I believe you're more than capable for this mission, but your track record is inconsistent, so you'll need to step up to prove yourselves to the Senate. Like I said, your mission has three parts: first, you need to infiltrate [[Frigoshia]]. None of our armies have ever been able to push through the Howling Front, so you'll need to be clever when going through or around it. Second, you need to locate the dragon breeding program. It's likely hidden within the [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] capital [[Frigoshia|Torhild]]. We have no reconnaissance beyond the Howling Front, so expect the worst. You need to be fast, quiet, and ready for a fight. Don't trust anyone there; even someone as young as 8 could be fully trained in [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] combat. Third, you need to destroy it, and eliminate any living dragons and eggs. It is of the utmost importance you don't miss any, because if even one is left, it could spell disaster for the Republic, and for all of Serendipita."

To support their mission, they were given 3000gp, a communicator (+2 to initiative rolls when within 100ft of an ally + instant long distance communication each other and Kragknull), and 5 ether items to distribute amongst themselves. [[PCs - Arcohaem|Doornail]] received the immovable rod, [[PCs - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] the Gloves of Silence (+5 sleight of hand), 
- They haven't figured out who gets the Bracer of Thoth (DC10 Arcana once per long rest to use unknown Scholar spin), the Ring of [[Hephaestus]] (+1 to AC and Saves), and the Dagger of Ammalor (+3 and it warps back to the hand of its attuned user as a bonus action).

They then planned their mission. They're going to travel to Ammalor and charter a ship, before sailing around the Howling Front, and entering [[Frigoshia]] from the North (The Wastes Pale). They'll push through the wastes, before sneaking into the capital [[Frigoshia|Torhild]] to search for and eliminate the dragon program.