### Contextual Information
[[Serendipita|Ether]] replaces all magic. Funnelers use [[Serendipita|Ether]] via their Folcryst Gland, which pulls [[Serendipita|Ether]] in from its home dimension and condenses it into a usable form. [[Serendipita|E-Tech]] is powered by crystallized [[Serendipita|Ether]], or [[Serendipita|Eathyst]]. [[Serendipita|Eathyst]] is mined in the eastern deserts of Styxas, studied in the central plains of Fol'Gar'Eth, and refined in the underground volcanoes of [[Arcohaem]]. There aren't any religions in [[Serendipita]]. 

[[Arcohaem]] is the northwestern portion of [[Serendipita]]. It's an arctic, mountainous wasteland. Two factions exist: the [[Republic of Arcohaem]], and [[Frigoshia]]. [[Frigoshia]] used to be part of the Republic, but rebelled to ensure that their more primitive warrior lifestyle remained in-tact following the [[Republic of Arcohaem]]'s swift adoption of the industrial revolution and the [[Serendipita|Eathyst]] refinery trade. The Republic is now the primary refinery in [[Serendipita]], and they do most of their refinery in the volcanic caverns beneath the Republic's capital: [[Hephaestus]].

The [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Wolves of Arcohaem]] are an elite Republic strike team deemed too unpredictable to be trusted in the formal military. They answer only to Commander [[Kragknull]]. They're made up of 5 members: [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] the fish-obsessed Owlbear Rogue, [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]] the clever Half-Elf Artificer, [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]] the protective macho Goliath Paladin, [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Brogus]] the kind Orc Monk-Rogue, and [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Rorik]] the loyal Dwarf Scholar. 

They used to be a party of 8 with the [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Vaesha]] the Fire Genasi Sorcerer, [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Arrius]] the Aarakocra Fighter, and [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Rikkix]] the Thri-Kreen Bard. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Vaesha]] died when one of [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]]' devices exploded. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Arrius]] gave his life to save a family of Harengon, and [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Rikkix]] vanished in a blizzard.


### Chapter 1: In Medias Res
It's the winter of 12c, 1266. 5 years ago the Wolves were formed. 5 weeks ago, they were dispatched to locate Krothmire. Krothmire is a secret [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] prison camp hidden deep in the eastern Howling Front, the unmoving line of combat between [[Frigoshia]] and the Republic. The war prisoners there are forced to work in forges, and kept barely alive. The cover of night coupled with a powerful snowstorm has given them an opportunity to approach the prison undetected.

[[PCs A - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]] sneaks through back of the camp and discovers 3 crates of black fuel. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]], following close behind, quickly summons a flying steed to take them and the fuel above the camp. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] spots a guard above a watchtower and uses his rope to ascend the tower and quietly dispatches him. While this is happening, [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Rorik]] and [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Brogus]] enter the front door of the prison, much to the guard's surprise. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Rorik]] blasts him with a barrage of missiles, allowing [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Brogus]] the opportunity to grapple and pin the guard. The guard speaks an old [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]], a dialect unknown to them, making interrogation pointless. They show no fear at all.

Then, BOOM! [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]], sitting atop his flying steed (that happens to look like Falkor from the Never Ending Story), hurls the crates of black fuel onto the roof of the forges, and onto the north tower. Then, with a bolt of fire from [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]], the entire complex is rocked by a devastating explosion! The forges, the north tower, and half of the prisoner's quarters cave in. The final of which, was not intentional. In the chaos, [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Brogus]] is ambushed by a guard, which stabs him in the back, freeing the guard [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Brogus]] had pinned. The guard got to his feet, spin, and slashed him across the stomach. Seeing this unfold, [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] silently eliminates the ambusher, and [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Rorik]] finishes off the once-pinned guard.

Entering into the prison, [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]] and [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]] find half of the prisoners dead from either the explosion, or frostbite. They cannot tell the difference, and they don't want to check out of fear of guilt. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]] blocks the two remaining guards from entering the quarters while [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]] puts out the raging flames. The guard's lack of fear is their undoing, as they're quickly overwhelmed by [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Brogus]], [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Malgruff]], and [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Rorik]]. The prisoners are freed, and they have mixed feelings on the Wolves due to their potential hand in causing the explosion. 

Suddenly, [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]] hears a loud beeping sound coming from his pocket. It's a small marble triangular beacon no larger than the palm of his hand. A small blue sphere in the center is beeping, transmitting an encoded message from [[Kragknull|Commander Kragknull]]. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]] translates the Morse code and to their shock, their ongoing mission of 5 weeks has been prematurely cancelled. The message reads, "EMERGENCY. BY ORDER OF THE CHANCELLOR, RETURN TO THE CAPITAL IMMEDIATELY. THIS IS A MATTER OF NATIONAL SECURITY. ONGOING MISSION NULLIFIED. - [[Kragknull|COMMANDER KRAGKNULL]]."

Before leaving, [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] searches the guards, discovering a Ring of Protection, a Potion of Cloud Giant Strength, Boots of the Winterlands, and 1250gp. The Wolves then agree to transport the prisoners back to [[Hephaestus]]. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]] takes great care to heal and protect the remaining prisoners, and they begin the weeklong trek back home.


### Chapter 2: Long Live the Republic
1 week later, the Wolves return. [[Hephaestus]] looms ahead, rising from the snow like a colossus of stone and iron. Large, bulky machines refine [[Serendipita|Eathyst]] in the distance, emitting a plume of black and purple smoke from the nearby mountain. The streets are wide, covered in snow, and dotted with civilians bundled in thick fur coats. Large posters line the frosted stone walls, their bright colors catching your eyes. Thousands of soldiers accompanied by large steel machines parade through the streets, giving them a sense of familiarity, and peace. Through the city streets, bronze statues of heroes past watch silently from their opulent marble pedestals. The Senate building, a gargantuan amalgam of geometric stone shapes and pillars, dominates the skyline in front of you. It's strange, and different from what it used to be, but it's home. 

The Wolves waste no time splitting up. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Brogus]] and [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Rorik]] head to the library near the senate building. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Brogus]] studies non-lethal subduction techniques by reading "Wrestling 101" while [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Rorik]] studies Ethology to replace his spins. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]] books it to an [[Serendipita|E-Tech]] workshop to construct a fire grenade, purchase 3 100gp gems, and use one of them to construct a snake homunculus named Homie. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]] visits his favorite blacksmith Vostag, and they give each other friendly punches. After some haggling, Vostag makes a deal to construct new, [[Serendipita|E-Tech]] infused shields by making a deal with the local [[Serendipita|E-Tech]] shop owner Coren. Everyone then heads to the [[Serendipita|E-Tech]] shop. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]] purchases a Brooch of Shielding, 
[[PCs A - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] purchases a Stone of Good Luck, a Frost Brand Rapier, Boots of Speed, and Glamoured Studded Leather Armor, [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Rorik]] purchased a Wand of Fireballs, and [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Brogus]] purchased a Cloak of the Elvenkind. 

While exploring the town, they spot several details in the background. There are comic books made about them; they're extremely exaggerated. A kid named Kuldrek Kershaw tells [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]] that he's also from Hak'Thor and that he's his favorite. He gives him bad drawings and medals, and then the kids have to go. There are also comics about the other major heroes of [[Arcohaem]], like the reliable and classic [[The Karlstad Crusaders|Karlstad Crusaders]], and more. 

There are also propaganda posters throughout town. "Where will you tell your kids you were during the war?" "What happens to them if you don't act fast enough?" "Don't fight for terrorism! Report [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] activity." "Everyone's enlisted - what about you?" "Fight for their future." "[[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]]? Or just a coward in fur?" "[[Frigoshia]] is fighting for squalor - don't let them win!"

They decide to head to the Senate building to receive their next mission.


### Chapter 3: Your Mission
Arriving at the hulking Senate building, they enter to receive their mission. They enter [[Kragknull|Commander Kragknull]]'s office, which features 3 large windows overlooking the city, and twin statues of [[Kaul|Chancellor Kaul]]. [[Kragknull]] has been waiting for them. He's a stoic man that's quite close to them. He welcomes them in, and after exchanging hellos, sits them down and lays out the situation.

"I've been a commander since the beginning of this war. Over that time, I've seen the [[Frigoshia|Frigoshians]] sink to lows even I didn't think they'd cross. They fight and kill without mercy, or identity, or voice, all so that they can enforce their primitive lifestyle onto us. It confounds me why some of our own citizens go out of their way to protest this conflict like we're somehow at fault here. With all of that said, I didn't think anything they could do could surprise me... but this most recent development is so terrible that I've been sick with dread for the past week. Two weeks ago, 5 of our soldiers were separated in the heat of battle and got lost wandering the eastern Howling Front. While wandering, they discovered a [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] transport carrying incubation equipment, and the first dragon egg we've seen in centuries. This has led the Senate to believe that the [[Frigoshia|Frigoshians]] are running a covert dragon breeding program, likely for military use. According to legend, a single adult dragon could decimate [[Hephaestus]] before we even got a chance to respond. We don't know how many they have, and our armies aren't getting close enough to the capital to stop them. So the Senate approved a secret mission to infiltrate [[Frigoshia]], locate the program, and shut it down. To the senate's surprise, [[Kaul|Chancellor Kaul]] personally selected you 5 for this mission. I don't think I have to explain why that wasn't a popular decision. I believe you're more than capable for this mission, but your track record is inconsistent, so you'll need to step up to prove yourselves to the Senate. Like I said, your mission has three parts: first, you need to infiltrate [[Frigoshia]]. None of our armies have ever been able to push through the Howling Front, so you'll need to be clever when going through or around it. Second, you need to locate the dragon breeding program. It's likely hidden within the [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] capital [[Frigoshia|Torhild]]. We have no reconnaissance beyond the Howling Front, so expect the worst. You need to be fast, quiet, and ready for a fight. Don't trust anyone there; even someone as young as 8 could be fully trained in [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] combat. Third, you need to destroy it, and eliminate any living dragons and eggs. It is of the utmost importance you don't miss any, because if even one is left, it could spell disaster for the Republic, and for all of [[Serendipita]]."

To support their mission, they were given 3000gp, a communicator (+2 to initiative rolls when within 100ft of an ally + instant long distance communication each other and [[Kragknull]]), and 5 [[Serendipita|ether]] items to distribute amongst themselves. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]] received the immovable rod, [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] the Gloves of Silence (+5 sleight of hand), 
- They haven't figured out who gets the Bracer of Thoth (DC10 Arcana once per long rest to use unknown Scholar spin), the Ring of [[Hephaestus]] (+1 to AC and Saves), and the Dagger of [[Ammalor]] (+3 and it warps back to the hand of its attuned user as a bonus action).

They then planned their mission. They're going to travel to [[Ammalor]] and charter a ship, before sailing around the Howling Front, and entering [[Frigoshia]] from the North (The Wastes Pale). They'll push through the wastes, before sneaking into the capital [[Frigoshia|Torhild]] to search for and eliminate the dragon program.


### Chapter 4: [[Ammalor]]
The Wolves moved from [[Hephaestus]] to [[Ammalor]] to search for a ship to charter. It's known far and wide for its artisans, trade, and craftsmanship. The ports are bustling, the shops and overflowing with merchandise, and the streets are lined with the rich and powerful. 

Say what you will about [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Malgruff]], but he knows what he wants; and what he wants is to try and fish in the middle of a crowded street. He didn't catch anything, but after [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Rorik]] made him ~16 feet tall, he did make a pretty fairly compelling piece of performance artwork.  

[[PCs A - Arcohaem|Brogus]] and [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]] search for a ship to take, and they encounter an older, sketchier sailor named [[Marrek Renn|Marrek]]. He has an absurdly high asking price, but he knows his stuff. Confident in his own sailing skill, [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]] rejects this offer. Instead, he steals the ship of a man named Ren, who happens to be a drug smuggler. He has a fully readied galleon, and through threats and intimidation, the Wolves completely take control of it. Ren constantly objects because he knows not only that it's illegal for them to do this, but that he's transporting illegal substances. Namely, he's transporting [[The White Azalea|Umbradoxine]] (or Rattle / [[The White Azalea|Uberdust]]), and a mysterious dagger that predates [[Arcohaem]]. The Wolves quickly find both of these things. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Brogus]] and [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] unintentionally get high, and [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]] and [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Aeroneiros]] begin to develop incendiary [[The White Azalea|Umbradoxine]] bombs. They weren't really sure what to do with the dagger. They then tied the captain to the figurehead despite his pleading. 

Once they get on the water, there's much debate about whether to attempt to run the blockade or not. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]] feels confident he can pull it off, but [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Brogus]] says that it's too big of a risk. They eventually call [[Kragknull|Commander Kragknull]], who recommends just taking the safe route through Freyrhage. The captain was suffering hypothermia and frostbite from the arctic waters constantly splashing him. He was sleep deprived, in constant fear, and had to wear diapers so that he could use the bathroom. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]] and the rest of the Wolves then drank blubberbutter beer. Half of the crew were loyal and hated [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]], the other half were starting to warm up to him. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] spent the voyage attempting to catch a fish, but just couldn't pull it off. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]] attempted to show off and catch a fish with his rod, but couldn't. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Rorik]] then discovered that his fishing rod had been enchanted to repel fish, making it impossible to catch anything with it. He and [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Doornail]] kept this information from [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Malgruff]], not wanting to hurt his feelings. 


### Chapter 5: Priorities, People!
The Wolves docked at Freyrhage. The port is massive and hastily constructed but largely abandoned. A large third-party militia from out-of-country has moved in. They've assembled fences, guard routes, and large metal towers. A [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] flagpole is torn down. 

Freyrhage was established some 35 years ago to capitalize off the port. A lot of care went into the town, but when the war began, they were forced into joining [[Frigoshia]]. They recently declared independence and hired the militia to protect them from the incoming battalion. 

Realizing what was coming, the group completely abandoned the town. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Brogus]] encounter Emily Persson, and thought she was pretty dumb for using a wheelchair with the breaks on. They continued moving west into the arctic and discovered a [[Frigoshia|Frigoshian]] battalion of 200+ soldiers. Not wanting to risk their mission, they left it and continued moving. However, they heard some footsteps approaching, so everyone but [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] hid. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] changed his armor to appear as if he were in a bikini, alerting the nearby "scout."

[[Alric]] [[Alric|Grimvell]] descended into the ravine with them and was promptly overwhelmed and robbed. They believe his cover story about his wife and kids, but they aren't taking any chances. [[PCs A - Arcohaem|Malgruff]] mauls the man to death and they steal his really cool picture camera. 

They keep moving west, and make camp in the woods. Since no one warned anyone, Freyrhage was likely destroyed in the impending raid. On the bright side, the Wolves are making incredible time!