### [[Session 1 - Zero Mission]]
[[PCs - Vaerith|Azrael]], an ex-Aasimar soldier (the Aasimar are like giga-fascists in this world) stumbles into [[PCs - Vaerith|Maje]] the Jerbeen Artificer's shop in [[Arbiter's Rest]]. IN the town's bar, [[PCs - Vaerith|Rhulk]], the [[Umbra]] (like an ancient black hole smoke being with telekinesis and a pet sentient black-hole bag of holding named Creebus) and [[PCs - Vaerith|Dhrakz]]'gulth the [[Ashkara]] (like a scorpion man) met. In the woods, the [[Mushi]] named [[PCs - Vaerith|Pavement]] (A tall mushroom being that's blind but sees through LiDar spores) met the fishing obsessed Rattatosk named [[PCs - Vaerith|Samkin]]. All of them met in the festival of the Arbiter happening in the town square.

During the festival, [[PCs - Vaerith|Rhulk]]'s "really cool rock" (it's really cool) is taken by a large vulture with a history of theft. Despite having zero actually value, the sentimental value is enough to motivate [[PCs - Vaerith|Rhulk]] to chase after it. [[PCs - Vaerith|Dhrakz]], though scared of birds, follows close behind. [[PCs - Vaerith|Maje]] and [[PCs - Vaerith|Azrael]] decide to follow, and so do [[PCs - Vaerith|Samkin]] and [[PCs - Vaerith|Pavement]]. They chase the bird outside of the town to the cliffs of Barrel Hill. They enter the mines and encounter a group of Magma Mephits blocking the passage to the peak. [[PCs - Vaerith|Rhulk]], noting that they love burning things, rolls a nat 20 persuasion check to motivate them to burn down the town instead of fighting them. They leave, and they recover the rock.

### [[Session 2 - Initium]]
In session 2, they return to the city. The outer wall has nearly been breached, and the Magma Mephits have engulfed the exterior farmland in flames. Some soldiers are attempting to defend the city, but they're not doing enough. They decide to help, and with some clever use of their spells, they destroy them all. One is turned to solid ice so that the town remembers what they did for them. (which is kind of funny if you think about it, because they endangered the town for no reason and then saved it and accepted the praise.)

Entering back into the town, they see that the festival was evacuated. After looking around town for a little bit, they encounter a group of wood elf refugees from [[Yoata Falls]]. They're pretty racist towards [[PCs - Vaerith|Azrael]] for being, not only an Aasimar, but an ex-soldier! One wood elf named Theoden makes a deal with [[PCs - Vaerith|Pavement]] (who is a merchant). He wants to go kill [[Ceres]] (the leader of the Aasimar and the dictator of all of this), but he doesn't have the money to afford a weapon. [[PCs - Vaerith|Pavement]] gives him one in exchange for an IOU. [[PCs - Vaerith|Azrael]] is bullied a little more by [[PCs - Vaerith|Maje]]'s adopted dad, and they have a tense relationship now to say the least. Then, in recognition of their help, the Senator of [[Arbiter's Rest]] finds them and invites them to dinner to thank them.

At the dinner, [[PCs - Vaerith|Azrael]] is once again faced with the consequences of his actions. Senator Walsh's assistant Lisa attacks him, because her brother died in the raid of [[Basta]] which [[PCs - Vaerith|Azrael]] was involved in not long ago. They then planned for where to go next, and got some food and equipment from Senator Walsh. Walsh has been listening to Aasimar propaganda and finds it absurd how powerful [[Ceres]] is. If he was actually born with a disorder that causes him to have immense power, and was so skilled that he surpassed his teachers at 12, why doesn't he just end the war himself? He has the power to level cities! He must still want something, or it must not be true! Walsh doesn't believe in warfare, and believes in diplomacy. Throwing armies at each other clearly isn't working, so he thinks that a small group like this party could make a difference. He asks them to make a plan, so that wherever they go next, it's for the greater interests of the Republic and all of [[Vaerith]] for that matter. They agree and make a plan.